SCIM: Add support for soft delete (#50533)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: CHANGELOG.md

- Documentation for GitHub fine-grained access tokens. [#50274](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/50274)
- Code Insight dashboards retain size and order of the cards. [#50301](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/50301)
- The LLM completions endpoint is now exposed through a GraphQL query in addition to the streaming endpoint [#50455](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/50455)

> - SCIM user provisioning support for Deactivate/Reactivation of users. [#49961](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/issues/49961)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- SCIM user provisioning support for Deactivate/Reactivation of users. [#50533](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/50533)
```
We usually link the PRs here, not the issues. I suggest replacing this with the link to the PR.
